[TENSE MUSIC]
[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: The
much revered Barbara Hand
Clow is here with us today
for a big conversation.
We have our task cut out for
us to create a cohesive look
at our times in
roughly 45 minutes.
But I think we can do it.
First, it's hard to believe
that Barbara's "Alchemy of Nine
Dimensions" has just turned
20 years of age and has stood
the test of time, being more and
more validated by so many others
at this time.
So let's dig right
in with Barbara.
Barbara, wonderful to
see you back again.
>>BARBARA HAND CLOW:
Great to see you, Regina.
>>REGINA: And I love the
addition of purple streaks
to your hair.
They're more
pronounced this time.
Perfect.
>>HAND CLOW: Lots of fun.
>>REGINA: Speaks--
>>HAND CLOW: I do
it for the kids.
>>REGINA: --of who you are.
Yeah.
>>HAND CLOW: All the kids come
up to me and say, hey, granny.
[LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: I love it.
So for people who
don't already know,
you have a little--
most people, I
think, do, but we
always have new viewers.
So you're part Native American,
had an interesting childhood,
very intuitive.
You were in connection
with the Pleiadians decades
ago, bringing
through information.
>>HAND CLOW: That's right.
>>REGINA: And the
Pleiadian agenda.
And your career has gone on
from there for four decades.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Four decades
now of writing.
So this now-- other
people are starting
to bring in Pleiadian
information.
Even some younger people
are bringing it in.
And you're finding it's starting
to cross-reference and validate
a lot of what you
were shown back when.
>>HAND CLOW: That's true.
It's true.
Yeah.
And the reason I started being
in contact with the Pleiadian so
young is that my grandfather
was half Cherokee.
He was Cherokee Celtic,
and he taught me
that our people came
from the Pleiades.
And so I grew up with that
understanding of reality.
So when I started
having visitations,
which really started when I was
about five and a half years old.
I had a near-death
experience that really
brought in the higher planes.
So that when the
Pleiadian started
getting in contact with me,
I was comfortable with it
because it was culturally
comfortable as well
as personally comfortable.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: So let's talk about
the genesis for the "Alchemy
of Nine Dimensions."
That's kind of what we're
going to be focusing on today.
We won't necessarily
hopscotch literally
through every single dimension
like we did years ago,
but we're going to
pick up on certain ones
because a lot is happening
within those dimensions.
And we're going to bring in the
stories of some of the newcomers
since then.
>>HAND CLOW: That's right.
>>REGINA: And what you
found really fascinating.
>>HAND CLOW: That's what
I'm the most excited about.
>>REGINA: I know.
I love it.
>>HAND CLOW: Yes.
>>REGINA: So why don't
we first start out
with a basis of understanding?
We live in a
multi-dimensional, you
can say multi-roamed
experience on earth.
And so let's look at what
the first two dimensions are
as the basis of this reality.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
So this information came
through from the Pleiadians
as a channeling that went over
three or four months where
everything was recorded.
And according to the
Pleiadians, the first dimension
is the iron-core crystal
in the center of the earth.
And at that point that
wasn't known in science.
It came in soon thereafter.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>HAND CLOW: But the interesting
thing about what's going on now
is that a lot of
people are starting
to see a black hole in
the center of the earth.
And I don't know
what to make of that.
So I'm sticking by the
Pleiadian information.
But the important thing
about the first dimension
is the first dimension
is in contact
with all of the
other centers, of all
of the other cosmic
bodies in the universe.
So there everything is
connected up kind of
like-- you remember tinkertoys?
It's all linked up.
And when something is going on
in the center of our planet,
it's also communicating
information to other stars
and galaxies and--
>>REGINA: To its own
crystal iron-core?
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
It's communicating, yeah.
And this is actually the source
of the Akashic Records, which
is the information in
the etheric level, which
we'll talk about in a minute.
That is a recording of all
the events through time.
And so then the
second dimension is
the space between
the iron-core crystal
and the crust of our planet.
And of course, we
live on the crust
of the earth in the third
dimension linear space and time.
But the second dimension is
an extremely interesting realm
that I continue to probably
study more than any other realm,
because the only way you can get
in touch with it is psychically.
And the second dimension
is the telluric realm,
where we have crustal shifting
and earthquakes and magma.
And then as we get
closer to the surface
of the earth, microbial
realms and mineral beings,
and it's just filled with all
of these amazing beings who,
as far as I can tell
so far, are actually
more knowledgeable than we are.
>>REGINA: Well, that gets us
to Radu Cinamar's work right
off the bat.
>>HAND CLOW: That's right.
>>REGINA: OK, so you and I have
both read a series of books.
>>HAND CLOW: That's right.
>>REGINA: Starting out with
the "Transylvania Sunrise."
and Radu Cinamar, which is
a pseudonym for the author,
explains--
he starts going on
his own journey, which
he is brought into by some
military and secret base
operations in Romania,
to start journeying down
these vast tunnels to these
holographic projections
in the earth and beyond.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: It's
really fascinating.
There are six or seven
books, as I recall.
Is it six or seven?
>>HAND CLOW: There's seven.
And then regarding these
tunnels, one of them
goes to Tibet.
That's Tibetan plateau.
Another one goes to the
Giza plateau in Egypt.
And then the third one
goes into the inner earth.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HAND CLOW: And this is what's
so fascinating because I think
this is probably
some of the best data
that I've ever read
on the inner earth.
There's a lot of distortion
in what's actually going on
down there, and there's a
lot of military deception
all around it.
And I find Radu
Cinamar's understanding
of the second dimension to
be fascinating because what
he is saying in his work is
that these beings are much more
peaceful, much more intelligent,
much more balanced, and much
more harmonic than we are.
And so from my
perspective and what
I receive from the Pleiadians is
this realm, the second dimension
in my system, the inner
earth and Radu's system,
this realm is the source
of mineral intelligence,
microbial intelligence.
And then the last 20 years since
I received this information,
I've actually reached
the point where
I can go to a supermarket
or a health store,
and I could just pass my hand
in front of certain substances
or mineral essences
or whatever, and I
could tell exactly what's
the right thing to use.
And so the second dimension
is the source of homeopathy.
It's the source of homeostasis.
And it's a very, very
intelligent and highly developed
realm.
And so I was so
pleased to see Radu.
Reading what he has to say
about those experiences
in the inner earth
are just fascinating.
>>REGINA: Well, he just
wanted to keep going back.
And it's interesting
because many people that
write about the
inner earth make it
seem a bit frightening
that it's all mantis people
and people that are
unrecognizable to us,
a different totally
different species.
But if you wouldn't
mind sharing some
of how Radu describes
the people, the people
at the center of the earth.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah, he sees
them as being very intelligent,
first of all, and very loving,
brilliant, as a matter of fact,
just in terms of our
earth intelligence.
And that he sees them
as being very beautiful.
>>REGINA: Human.
>>HAND CLOW: Radiant.
And in my case, I did
take a journey down
into the inner earth.
I went to Shambhala 40 years ago
now in a past life regression
session.
And--
>>REGINA: Did it line
up with his version
of what he experienced?
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah, what
was interesting to me
is, OK, I actually visited
Shambhala, and with Greg Paxton,
a therapist who's now
not with us anymore.
And I saw this just incredible,
radiant, beautiful city.
And the description in Radu's
books is exactly the same.
And so that really struck me.
And apparently a
lot of other people
have seen the same vision.
>>REGINA: And so have these
people been in the inner earth
the entire time?
Or did they go from the
surface of the earth
and were essentially
forced at some point
to go inside the earth?
>>HAND CLOW: I think from my
studies of ancient catastrophes.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HAND CLOW: I think
the whole inner earth
system is a system that people
have gone into during times when
our planet was being bombarded
by meteors or asteroids
or whatever.
But I also think there's
some kind of thing going on
with extraterrestrials
landing on the earth
and going into the inner earth.
I think-- I think
extraterrestrials are also
accessing the inner earth.
>>REGINA: Well,
in Roger's books,
when they write about
these tunnels that
go to these various places,
these are very sophisticated,
just the materials, the
methods for drilling
these tunnels and such.
And just to put a little
background around it,
this has turned into a joint
Romanian-American military
operation.
The Romanians had wanted
all of this knowledge
about these tunnels and what
they discovered, including
in the holographic
projection room,
about our deep past and future.
They wanted all that released
and known some factions,
but the Americans wanted to
keep it secret, if I recall.
>>HAND CLOW: And
what I would say
is so valuable
about Radu's book is
this whole analysis of
the Romanian government
and the Romanian Secret Service.
And a lot of Americans
don't know very much
about Romanian history,
but the Romanians
went through a terrible
bout with communism,
and they've gone through
a very difficult things
in their culture.
And then Meanwhile,
these amazing discoveries
were made of these tunnels
and a projection room
and all that deep in the
mountains in Romania.
And so the reason the
books are actually
so valuable is because Radu
was selected by a guy named
Cezar Brad to be one
of the people who would
work for the military in--
in the investigation of--
>>REGINA: And document.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah, and document.
Well, Yeah.
First of all, they were involved
in the actual exploration
of these discoveries.
And then Cezar
chose Radu Cinamar
because he felt that he
could-- he had the ability,
if you can imagine it.
Because, see, by then the
Americans had gotten into it.
As soon as the Americans
realized that the Romanians had
made this great
discovery, they got
involved immediately
because they had discovered
similar things under Iraq, which
I actually think are probably--
that's what George
Bush was talking
about regarding the weapons
of mass destruction.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HAND CLOW: I actually think
during the invasion of Iraq,
Radu doesn't say
this, but I think
that they were going in order
to get a hold of the access
to the projection rooms
under a rock and the tunnels.
So this technology appears to
be probably in many more places
than just leaving
and in Romania.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HAND CLOW: But Radu's
description of the way
that military control
worked between the Americans
and the Romanians.
And then eventually
what comes out
is the Masons are really
involved in the whole thing.
And I learned more about the
way the Secret Services operate
and the way the military
operates from reading his book--
and Mason's also, than
anything I've ever read.
And this has been very important
to me because I had my uncle,
my father's sister's
brother was assassinated
right at the end
of World War II,
and he was a member of the CIA.
And so I was always trying
to figure out, well,
but what happened?
>>REGINA: Who's the
shadow behind it all?
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah, yeah.
What happened to my uncle?
>>REGINA: A lot of people are
asking that right now because it
appears that whatever
the shadow behind it all,
appears to, in America, trying
to be taking down both sides
in a presidential campaign--
>>HAND CLOW: Who knows what--
>>REGINA: Right now.
It's like, for what?
Well, who's supposed
to come forward
if you take them both down?
And we don't know.
We don't know these hands,
and everything around It
just doesn't make sense.
It's upside down.
>>HAND CLOW: So this is an
early childhood imprint.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HAND CLOW: Where I heard when
my father and my uncle arguing
after World War II,
because my father
wanted him to leave
the CIA because he
was married to his sister.
And it's very early
childhood imprint.
And so the books really
satisfy so much information
about how this
whole thing works.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HAND CLOW: And reading
seven books and, as you know--
>>REGINA: It's a lot.
Yeah.
>>HAND CLOW: You read
a couple of them.
>>REGINA: They're very-- I
read most of them actually.
And it's very--
written very elegantly.
>>HAND CLOW: Yes.
>>REGINA: So there's something
in the language itself
that translates deeper
information I found.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Even though you
can say, is this a fantasy?
Is this someone's imagination?
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Well, it's kind of
like the Anastasia series.
There's still
embedded information
that rings so true to you.
And so one of the things just,
you know, on an external level,
I believe it was around
the time that the US came
in contact with
this information,
the military became involved
that Romania was suddenly
invited into, I believe,
the United Nations.
Is that correct?
>>HAND CLOW: Mm-hmm.
>>REGINA: I think it was--
Yeah.
That's when they--
that's what got--
>>HAND CLOW: And I think
it's valuable to understand
how deep these levels
of secrecy are,
because as the control
over all of this
starts to dissipate,
because it is dissipating,
because stuff is just
coming out every day now,
it's very, very
intense and traumatic
for people because people
are just going like,
what on earth is going on?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>HAND CLOW: You know.
>>REGINA: And everybody's
scratching their head.
>>HAND CLOW: --a little
bit of a grasp of it.
But I don't feel
like I understand
hardly anything about it.
>>REGINA: And we will both
say that these books can
be laborious to get through.
It's kind of repetitive, too
much detail in certain areas.
But when you get to the
juice of these conversations,
it is quite fascinating.
So now let's move on to what's
being projected at us now
from the fourth
dimensional field,
because as I recall
in our interview
all those years ago,
that was the realm that
was overseen by the Anunnaki.
So let's-- what's going on?
>>HAND CLOW: The Pleiadians
said that realm is overseen
by the, well, the keeper.
>>REGINA: The keepers.
>>HAND CLOW: --of that
dimension are the Anunnaki,
which is a whole Syrian
spiritual and academic issue,
especially connected to some of
the works of Zecharia Sitchin.
But-- one author.
But I had a lot of issues with
that concept until I finally
understood by the time I had
to revise "Alchemy of Nine
Dimensions" in 2011.
It initially came out in
2004, and I revised it in 2011
because I realized I hadn't
gotten the fourth dimension
quite right.
And all that means
is that this is
the whole Judeo-Christian,
Sumerian, even Egyptian
historical context behind
the collective mind,
behind the world religions.
>>REGINA: That which
we've been stuck
in now for thousands of years.
>>HAND CLOW: We've been stuck
in them for thousands of years.
>>REGINA: Religious
wars, cultural wars.
>>HAND CLOW: Right.
And so it's really been the last
5,000 years where we've been
really stuck in those holograms.
And what's going on
right now, big time,
is that is really breaking down.
That is not going to hold.
The world religious concepts
are not going to hold.
>>REGINA: It's like
the destruction--
>>HAND CLOW: --isn't
going to go away.
It's just that it's going to
transmute to another dimension.
It's going to transmute
away from being patriarchal
and controlling of women and
destructive of children and all
that.
And it's going to
go to another level.
And anything that
doesn't is going
to end up just dissipating.
So it's a big--
>>REGINA: So it's the end of
the Piscean age of religious.
>>HAND CLOW: Yes.
>>REGINA: Religions
and the wars,
et cetera, and moving into
the Aquarian age of what
will be spirituality/religion.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Which will
look very different.
>>HAND CLOW: So that's
why this Pluto transit
at the end of the age of
Pisces and moving into Aquarius
is so critical, because the
only way to break this up
is just to break it up big time.
So for example, it was
so interesting to me
when we saw the
intellectual argument
over Zionism versus
anti-Semitism come up
as a result of the
Israelis going into Gaza
and trying to attack Hamas.
And what that represents
is a very, very
big deal because Zionism is
a very major global belief
system in the end times,
and the apocalypse
and how we're going to
have Jerusalem as in Jesus
is going to come flying through
the clouds and all these ideas.
And I love this earth, I love
my life, I love this dimension.
I don't go along with that.
I don't go along--
>>REGINA: Yeah, you're not
waiting for the rapture.
>>HAND CLOW: No, I'm not.
>>REGINA: Nor am I.
>>HAND CLOW: --for the
rapture or the apocalypse.
Not at all.
>>REGINA: Not at all.
But that's kind of playing
out before it-- well, it's
playing out big time before
us and opening up debate that
has never been opened before.
And this, again, is part of
this breaking away from what
we're considered absolutes.
>>HAND CLOW: Yes.
And this is very, very
important because what
happened is the
Israeli attack on Gaza
has caused everybody
in the world
to start talking about this.
People are demonstrating in
favor of the Palestinians.
And so this--
>>REGINA: It's a
much larger thing
than just a geopolitical event.
>>HAND CLOW: --sign of the
way this change and crack up
is occurring.
And you ask about
the fourth dimension.
Well, the fourth
dimension is the realm
of the collective mind.
And the collective mind
emanates from each one of us
as individuals.
And then what each one of us
as individuals thinks and feels
then goes into the collective,
and then the collective starts
manipulating individuals.
It comes back the other way.
And so one of the
most important things
for people to understand
at this point that
is to understand
that everybody has
one vote from this dimension,
and that no individual person
like Bill Gates or
Joseph Biden or anybody
is any more important than the
individual, and what they're
thinking about.
And so the important
thing to do at this point,
according to my own work in
"Alchemy of Nine Dimensions,"
is to learn how to influence
realities in higher dimensions
that are affecting us here.
So this fourth
dimensional conflict
has so much to do with resolving
our shadows, our dark side,
dualities that we have
difficulty with it.
That's really what's
happening right now.
It's like cracking
the cosmic egg.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And when you say one vote,
it's every single mind
is co-creating together.
Biden's mind, Trump's
mind, whomever's,
you know, Netanyahu's
mind, they're one mind,
but we also have the same
wattage and power per mind.
So that's our vote
you're speaking of.
Every thought,
every person's mind
matters equally in
this co-creation,
and it's important to remember.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
And so the point
is, how do you--
the real teaching of "Alchemy
of Nine Dimensions," That's OK.
How do you use that one vote?
How do you use that power?
How do you use
that consciousness?
And it's just so critically
important right now.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
So let's move ahead to some of
the astrological, cosmological
influences that
will be happening.
So February of
2026, you have said
is going to be a very
powerful time for humanity.
And everything now is
really just ratcheting up
to that point, getting
us-- getting our feet
wet with all the chaos.
So explain that a little more.
>>HAND CLOW: Well, actually,
the really big moment
of a kind of convergence
of consciousness
is actually June of 2027.
And what I see
going on during 2026
is that the planets
that converge in 2027
into a whole bunch of
trines and sextiles.
They start to go into harmonic
relationship one after another.
It's like almost like a--
>>REGINA: Kind of
falling into harmony?
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And so this would
be-- this is the February 26th
period.
They're starting to go
into some kind of harmonic?
>>HAND CLOW: Actually the
going into the harmonic
is actually started this fall.
>>REGINA: Oh, interesting.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah, but then
with Neptune and Saturn
in Pisces for part
of 2025, stuff
is going to happen with, Regina,
that's going to blow our minds,
in terms of awareness
and awakening and seeing
the real truth.
>>REGINA: So it may
be quite shocking?
>>HAND CLOW: Yes, I expect
it to be very shocking.
And then I expect--
basically I think of 2025
is a great big shock wave.
And look what's
going on right now.
Just week by week, day
by day at this point.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HAND CLOW: Right.
And then in 2026, we're
going to come into that point
where we've been
experiencing it.
And OK, what's it
doing to us right now?
Because that's a precursor.
What it's doing to a lot of
people, because I ask everybody,
and I know what I
experienced myself,
we're learning how to go inward.
And a lot of people
really have a lot
of difficulty going
into deep meditation
and going totally inward.
And when you go
inward is when you're
in touch with the whole cosmos.
And so I think that the
intensity of 2026 it's just
going to be so intense that
people just aren't going to have
any choice, just to have to
go inside because you won't--
you look at how
things, look at how
people's houses are
burning and people
are flooding and everything.
There's all the things that
have kept us comfortable
and enabled us to go, oh,
I'll just relax and deal
with it next year.
It's all going to be gone.
>>REGINA: Cosmos isn't
going to allow that.
>>HAND CLOW: Well, and
at the same time, though,
if you in your consciousness
are in a deep place,
and if you're deeply
inner centered,
you don't have to fear anything.
I don't know whether I'll
have the kind of house I have
or anything that I
have at this point.
But what I do know is
I'll be deeply centered
and I know that I'll be
close to the people I love,
and I know that I'll
be using my vote--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HAND CLOW: --in the
higher dimensions.
>>REGINA: Well, one of
the things nudging people
is more often than
ever, people are saying,
ordinary people who
don't really think
in any kind of
conspiratorial ways,
for example, that I don't
know what's true anymore.
I just, I can't
tell what's true.
So where do you go when
literally the outside world
looks like everything's just
being fabricated and turned
upside down?
There is nowhere to go.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
And that's where it's so
fascinating because of course,
Eastern religions in particular,
to just say point blank,
everything that we
experience and everything
that happens to us
is actually not real.
It's like we're really
living in a dream,
and the awakening comes
when you learn to go inside.
Because you may be
living in a dream,
you might be on a
shamanic journey,
you might be whatever
you're doing,
but if you go deep
inside and center,
then you're in touch
with the cosmos,
you're in touch with the divine.
And for some people, this
is being in touch with God.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And that's real you
anyway, that you're
in touch with you, the real you.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So just
to finish this up,
what's the peace look like
in June of 2027 again?
>>HAND CLOW: Yes.
>>REGINA: A lot of people
talk about this 2027 window.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah, yeah.
So in June 27 of 2027,
there's a great big eclipse
I think it's at the end of
the month, and it's going to
and people are going to be
hearing about this like crazy.
But what's going
to be happening is
all of the outer
planets are going
to be in sextile and trines.
And it's going to be like
the music of the spheres.
It's going to be like the--
>>REGINA: Is it positive?
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, It's going to be--
it's going to be like--
you know, I don't know
if you like Beethoven,
but it's going to be like that
point at the end of Beethoven's
Ninth Symphony when
everything just
breaks into this glorious,
beautiful awakening.
And so that is going
to be happening.
And then at the same
time, what fascinates me,
because I've written a book
about "Chiron", is that Chiron,
at that point--
>>REGINA: The wounded healer.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah, returned.
Chiron is the planet
of the wounded healer,
and it's the planet
that takes us deepest
into our karmic woundings
and our consciousness,
of our experience on earth.
And Chiron is going
to be returned
to the place where
it was discovered
in 1977 for the first time.
So this is called
the Chiron Return.
And I'll probably
write a book about this
just because I've
written about Chiron.
But what's that tells us.
It's very, very important.
What it tells us, it tells us
that this harmonic beautiful
awakening point is
going to be a healing.
>>REGINA: That's wonderful.
>>HAND CLOW: A deep healing.
And that's--
>>REGINA: Mark our
calendars, June 27.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Everything starts
going into a harmonic,
but we have to be in
alignment with that ourselves.
>>HAND CLOW: We have
so much work to do.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
>>HAND CLOW: I've
never felt like I
have to work as hard as I-- and
I don't mean it as even work,
I just simply intend
to be there and do it.
And what do I mean by that?
I'm just there for
everybody who needs me.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HAND CLOW: That's where
the real learning comes,
is in our third dimensional
reality with our partners
and our children and
our grandchildren
and our neighbors
and our friends.
That's where the real
healing comes from.
What we're doing right there
is what counts the most now.
And so when things get
wacko and needless to say,
even I'm amazed, like, oh, wow.
I actually just turned
right around and say,
who was it I was
going to help today?
And I just do it.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And we
have to take this on.
>>HAND CLOW: We all
have to do that.
>>REGINA: So we go to
the sixth dimension,
but it's about holding these 3D
thought forms intact and we have
to have these higher, better
developed understandings
of our co-creative capacities
so that we can hold a coherent--
>>HAND CLOW: Right.
>>REGINA: --mental
form together.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
And so when we get into
the sixth dimension,
this is the critical teaching
in "Alchemy of Nine Dimensions."
When we get to that
dimension, that's
where we really have one vote.
And we can literally just
fire our own thoughts,
choose which kind
of reality we want.
Do we want a bloodbath
in the Middle East,
or do we want peace
in the Middle East?
You know, do we want harmonic
politics in the United States
or do we want this
ridiculous chaos?
And so you have to learn how to
with each concept you work with.
All of us have many.
To hold your mind
totally in the frequency
that you want it to be in.
And it actually changes
realities right down here.
>>REGINA: And this we
get back to Radu's book.
One thing they talked about
in the very first book says
"our Brad--" his name
has been changed,
because of the sensitivity
of his situation.
But Cezar Brad was talking to
him about what has to happen,
and he's talking about
we need to have "clear,
focused thoughts and will."
>>HAND CLOW: Yes, yes.
Yeah, so once you
get that clear focus
and you really are visualizing
and thinking and intending
a certain thing, then you
just activate your will
because you will find yourself
doing something about it
yourself.
It's not just about dreaming
up something in the ethers,
you know, it's about
actually changing reality.
Like in "Alchemy of
Nine Dimensions,"
the image the Pleiadians use for
the sixth dimension affecting
the third dimension is yoga,
where we learn how to do yoga,
and I do yoga regularly,
and we learn how to go
into an alignment in our bodies
that then changes our alignment
in 3D.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HAND CLOW: It's
a good example.
>>REGINA: It is a good example.
And so when we're talking about
this kind of clear and focused
thought and an intention
and this co-creation one
mind, individual mind,
every mind matters going
into one mind,
creating an outcome,
we're looking far beyond
like bumper stickers, law
of attraction kind of thinking.
The game is real now.
And now what we
think and what we
choose to hold on to and
drag forward with us,
it just isn't
appropriate any longer.
I mean, everyone has
their own time frame
to let it go and start
moving into this new way,
and just speak about
that for a moment
because we drag consciously--
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: --so much of
our past and pain with us.
>>HAND CLOW: If we're not
intending in the sixth dimension
to have the things manifest
here that we really want
and we really believe in.
Then we're more in
the fourth dimension.
And you're stuck with
the Republican National
Convention and the Democrats
and whatever you're stuck with.
And so what's
happening is people
are getting shredded and
pulling over here or over there,
over here and over there.
What's happening is people are
just more and more realizing
that they have to-- this is
an ascension issue, really,
where they have to ascend
with their consciousness--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HAND CLOW: --to
this higher dimension.
And the interesting thing about
that is you got to go through 5D
to get there.
And the fifth dimension
is the dimension
of the heart and the
open heart chakra.
And in order to go
into that dimension,
we have to open our hearts.
And that's where this
life in 3D is so powerful.
I mean, souls have been
fighting at this point from all
over the universe to come here.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HAND CLOW: Because they know
what's going to happen here.
And they also know that
when that note is sounded
from the earth, it affects
the universe itself,
and particularly the
Milky Way galaxy,
because we're part of it.
>>REGINA: Yes, beautiful.
And meanwhile, at
this very time,
the one thing being fostered
and foisted upon humanity
more by the minute is
artificial intelligence.
Now, granted,
artificial intelligence
is probably at the base of
every technologically advanced
civilization in the
universe, as you know,
so artificial
intelligence is a thing.
It's going to stay
here and be a thing.
But as many have pointed
out, who programs
that ultimate thing--
>>HAND CLOW: That's the point.
That's right.
>>REGINA: --is everything.
>>HAND CLOW: And
think about that.
It's exactly like these
issues in the sixth dimension,
isn't it?
It's an issue of whether
artificial intelligence is going
to be a whole bunch of data from
the fourth dimensional duality
or whether it's going to
be a whole bunch of data
with pure and clear
goals and objectives.
And if we can achieve that
with artificial intelligence,
we can have financial
integrity, we
can have governmental integrity.
There's no reason we
can't go to that level.
But at this point,
as you know, there's
a real struggle going on.
>>REGINA: Big time.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Well, and so
in another Radu's books,
one of the last ones,
"The Etheric Crystal,"
they talk about I quite a bit.
But what I found
interesting there
is they said once AI
reaches a critical mass
within the consciousness
of humanity,
it actually attracts
a sentient being to it
and becomes its own being.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Now, we want to
be really careful what kind
of being we're attracting here.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah, yeah.
And so it could be that we're
in that phase of starting to,
because the people who
are working in this
aren't all monsters.
>>REGINA: No, of course not.
>>HAND CLOW: There's only
a few monsters in there,
and there's a few monsters
everywhere as far as I can see.
And so there's a lot of good
intent, people intentionally.
>>REGINA: It's going to be
very helpful in our future
than it already is.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HAND CLOW: But what you
say about it coming more
from a kind of mental
integration, a mental place.
I am very psychic and I
often experience that level
of mental integration.
And so I think this
machine phase is just
a step in the whole thing.
And that's going
to have to be dealt
with because of the amount
of power that it consumes.
And is anybody noticing
that after being pressured
to buy electric vehicles and
turn your thermostat down,
et cetera, is anybody noticing
that these data centers are
going to run artificial
intelligence are taking away
all of the progress that's
been made to try to have--
>>REGINA: They are these farms.
>>HAND CLOW: Yes.
>>REGINA: Yeah, a lot
of it, unless you're
going with solar or some
other thing that's fueling it.
Absolutely.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And
there's already been,
it's been known by the
Pentagon and others
that they've been playing
with what's called apparently
integrated circuitry, meaning
mass physical, physical mass
and biology flesh and
artificial intelligence
together, to be able to garner
the native intelligence of say,
the human organs of
the body to create
another level of intelligence
that has its own embodiment.
I mean, does anything
in your experience
and what you've seen--
what is your instinct
tell you about that?
And I'm sure it's been done
in other places already.
>>HAND CLOW: Well,
it's interesting
because we brought up the
issue of using too much energy.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HAND CLOW: And energy is
coming from electromagnetism.
And of course, we're
trying to run it.
They're trying to
get it all going
and set it up based
on electricity.
But in fact, it'll
be interesting to see
whether that works or not.
It could be that
the only way they're
going to be able to
even create these things
is by technologies that are
in a more compatible form,
say, with the objective
that we have--
>>REGINA: Zero point energy
and so forth in the future.
>>HAND CLOW: I know, I know.
So there's certainly
works with that
very nicely by designing
some technological things
based on Tesla coils.
So I think we're going to see--
I don't know how much
we're going to really hear
of the real truth
about this, but there
must be a battle going on within
scientists wanting to push--
>>REGINA: It has to be.
>>HAND CLOW: Oh, God.
Push the energy in
the right direction,
if you want to call
it that or not.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah.
So then we both came across
also a fellow young man
named Darius J. Wright,
who's interesting
because he does a lot of
out-of-body exploration
and he's all over
the internet now.
I've interviewed him
here and on my site.
And what he brings
to the table is
kind of a visceral view of what
it looks like when you get out
of the construct and look back
at these realms and dimensions,
and the thought
forms that create it.
Going back to the need to
have our thoughts so clear,
he's saying you can
literally once he gets out,
he can walk into walk through
the thought form of someone
he knows.
He knows kind of where
things are-- where they're
headed for that person
because of the density
and repetition of the thought
form that they're creating,
which he's interfacing with.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah, yeah.
That's right.
Well, I've watched one
interview you had with him,
and I'm very, very
impressed with him
because what he
reminds me of is he
reminds me of a medieval seer.
Like, back in the 10th, 11th and
12th centuries with people like
Meister Eckhart and
Hildegard Von Bingen,
because I used to, when I
worked for Barron company,
I used to publish a
lot of medieval books.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
- And they're very visual.
And you can see all
these angelic realms,
you can see all these circles
of vibration, of dimensions.
And actually Darius
sees it differently
than I do because
I see it more, I
see more of the simple
structure of the whole thing
and the way the dimensions work.
And he's seeing more
of this visual panoply
of just this gigantic,
expansive site within--
>>REGINA: Like our universe
is just a construct
among countless universes.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
And so the reason I'm really
excited right now, Regina,
is that once it was time to
bring the 20th anniversary
edition out, this gave me
another chance to look deeply
into what have I been seeing
from 2011 to 2024 regarding
people who are verifying
"Alchemy of Nine Dimensions."
And I see Darius as a
person who is seeing
what I kind of schematize.
My goal or the
Pleiadians', I should
say, because they're the ones
who created the whole thing.
They wanted to come up
with the simplest idea
that people would get of
how this all fits together.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>HAND CLOW: And then Darius
is like seeing the same thing.
And then Radu Cinamar in his
seven books when he starts
developing the technology
found under Romania,
which is 50,000 years old.
The reason this is so
significant is this technology
is 50,000 years old
and it still works.
And so what happened is
Radu Cinamar and Cezar Brad
have opened up this whole field
of showing how ancient this
is, how deep it is within us.
And then what
happened for me was I
started realizing, as
I really studied Radu,
is the whole thing that he
was doing with Cezar Brad,
to activate the
technology is exactly
the same thing as the system
that alchemy of nine dimensions.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HAND CLOW: And that
just blew me away,
including he even used--
what happens with
this technology
is that they were able to
activate a time traveling
machine that takes
you back over--
Well, actually takes you back
over 300 or 400 million years.
But then once Radu
gets it working,
then he spends all
his time, of course.
Who wouldn't?
What would you what if you
could get a time machine going
and if you could just
travel all over the place.
And what absolutely knocked
me over is being a Romanian,
he got real curious
about-- well,
I wonder what was
going on in Romania,
like in the last 10,000 years.
So he used the time machine to
travel back to Romania 10,000
years ago, and he came to this
group of people who were doing
an energy activation on a
mountain in Bucegi Mountains
in Romania.
And so what he did, said,
well, what are they doing?
And I'll watch them.
And so he describes the whole
ceremony that they were doing,
and it's exactly the
same as the ceremonies I
taught for 15 years, the
Pleiadian agent activations.
Because as soon as the
Pleiadian agenda came in--
first of all, when it came
in 1995 and I channeled it,
I didn't know what
90% of it meant.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>HAND CLOW: And so the
only way I can figure out--
>>REGINA: You were recording--
>>HAND CLOW: --what it
meant was I went out
and I went, OK, I'll create
workshops based on these ideas,
and we'll see what
happens with people.
And so Jerry and I went out
and we taught people Pleiadian
agenda activations for 15 years,
and now I find in a book a guy
who got on a time machine
and went back and watched one
in Romania 10,000 years ago.
>>REGINA: I love it.
And there's someone else
you're reading right now.
I've forgotten his name.
>>HAND CLOW: Joshua Reichmann.
>>REGINA: Spell his name again.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
Reichman.
>>REGINA: Reichmann.
>>HAND CLOW: M-A-N-N.
>>REGINA: And what is the
name of that book again?
>>HAND CLOW: And that's called
"The Realized Light of Twelve
Dimensions."
>>REGINA: OK.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Because that, you
said, is truly profound.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
So let me just say where
this fits together, OK?
Radu and Cezar are kind
of the technicians who
are working on how to deal with
the military and the Secret
Services, which is no
mean feat, in order
to activate this
technology that they know
is important for all of us.
And the reason it's valuable to
read these people is this is--
you'll find out if
you read these books
that this is actually real.
And the Americans are
trying to cover it up,
but they're not going to
be able to do that forever.
So then we have somebody
like Darius Wright, who's
actually like a seer, a real
seer, like Hildegard Von Bingen.
And actually have
somebody who could see it.
Then we've got Barbara
putting it all together
into a system, a simple system.
By the way, "Alchemy" is
actually a very simple book,
considering the nature
of the material--
>>REGINA: Considering, yeah.
>>HAND CLOW: Very simple.
>>REGINA: And then
you have Joshua.
>>HAND CLOW: We have
Joshua Reichmann.
>>REGINA: What's he do?
>>HAND CLOW: Here's the
deal with Joshua Reichmann.
Joshua Reichmann writes so
deliciously about all the ideas
that you're discussing.
The man's language
is unbelievable.
>>REGINA: I love it
when it's refined.
>>HAND CLOW: So we have
somebody who is actually
describing all of this
accurately and eloquently
and beautifully.
And we need this at
this point because this
is what wakes us up.
And by the way, speaking
of waking us up,
you have to ask,
well, what was Barbara
doing from 2011 through 2024?
>>REGINA: I know
what you were doing.
You're writing the trilogy.
>>HAND CLOW: 'Cause I came here.
>>REGINA: Basically
fiction to try
to pull all these concepts
together in a juicy story.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
Because I decided,
what can I do?
I couldn't-- I kept
teaching activations,
but I finally just couldn't
stand going all over the world
and being on the road.
And so then I
realized like, hey,
I can write fiction
with characters who
are becoming multi-dimensional.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HAND CLOW: So we have
a group of characters
in Rome and Tuscany and
America who are actually
becoming multidimensional
consciousness,
and they go through
all the struggle
that anybody goes through,
because if you do it,
it's a challenge.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HAND CLOW: But we've
got them doing it.
And there's parents, there's
generations involved in this.
And so fiction allows
you to experience things
in a way that's a lot of fun.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And I loved it.
>>HAND CLOW: That's the
thing about fiction.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And so we only have
a couple of minutes left.
Why don't you
leave us with this?
OK, The Blue Brain Project.
>>HAND CLOW: OK.
Great to bring that
one in right now,
because then the other
thing that I discovered
was the Blue Brain Project.
And the first information that
we were able to get on this
was 2015.
So this is in the middle
of this whole thing.
And the Blue Brain Project
is a group of scientists,
working mathematicians,
topologists actually,
working in Switzerland,
and they have actually
created a huge
computer that actually
shows the geometrical
forms of each
of the nine to 11 dimensions,
the size nine to 11.
And they've actually been able
to show the geometry that's
operating in the brain.
And they actually can show
which parts of the brains
are responding in
which dimensions.
And so this is
actually, I'm sure,
very involved with
artificial intelligence,
because artificial
intelligence ultimately
is working to find ways
to access intelligence
through our brains,
and then to convert
that intelligence to computers.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
Wow.
OK.
Well, final thoughts.
We don't have any time left.
So any final thoughts in
this period of time and what
we're here to do and talking
about these and the book itself,
the updated version of
"Alchemy of Nine Dimensions"?
A little wrap up thought.
>>HAND CLOW: Yeah, just one
thing I just want to say.
This fourth dimensional
zone that a lot of us
were caught in, just continue
as you feel that stress,
that duality struggle.
Just continually, intentionally
move your consciousness
into your heart.
Because what that'll do is once
you're in the fourth dimension,
after all, is a higher dimension
than 3D linear space and time.
So once you move
into the fourth,
then you can move
into the fifth.
And then once you're in
the fifth dimension--
>>REGINA: Into the heart.
>>HAND CLOW: --you
can access to all the
higher dimensions, including
going all the way up,
with Joshua Reichmann
going up to 12 dimensions.
So I only go up to nine.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and
that makes sense
because that thing we call
love, that nebulous word
that we call love, is
such a fine frequency that
is the pathway to all
the other dimensions.
>>HAND CLOW: Mm-hmm.
>>REGINA: Right?
>>HAND CLOW: Yes, yes.
>>REGINA: Well, Barbara,
thank you so much.
This is exciting.
I'm glad you and I have
been on a similar track
and chatting behind the
scenes about these adventures
as we've been reading
these books and such,
and hope other people choose
to join in with this as well.
This is really an amazing time.
>>HAND CLOW: Well, and thank
you for having me on the show.
And thank you for
being my dear friend.
>>REGINA: [CHUCKLES]
My pleasure.
Again, the name of the book
is "The Alchemy of Nine
Dimensions," which you can
find at major booksellers.
You can also go to my
previous conversations
with Barbara here
in the Gaia archives
to catch up on more of what
we've been talking about today.
Until next time.
Thank you for joining
us here on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]